OSDOCS-6050:adds known issue to 4.13 RNs (#59955)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

* Due to a known issue in RHEL 9.2, you cannot use persistent volumes on a GCP cluster with Confidential VMs. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7582[*OCPBUGS-7582*])

* {op-system-base-full} workers running in a {product-title} 4.12 cluster with `openvswitch2.15` installed fail when upgrading to {product-title} 4.13. The `upgrade.yml` playbook fails with the following error message `package openvswitch2.17-2.17.0-88.el8fdp.x86_64 conflicts with openvswitch2.15 provided by openvswitch2.15-2.15.0-136.el8fdp.x86_64`.
+

> Workaround: Users can manually remove `openvswitch2.15` and install `openvswitch2.17` then run the `upgrade.yml` playbook to update {op-system-base} workers prior to upgrading to {product-title} {product-version}. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11677[*OCPBUGS-11677*])

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
To work around this issue, before you update to {product-title} {product-version}, manually remove the `openvswitch2.15` package and install the `openvswitch2.17` package. Then, run the `upgrade.yml` playbook to update {op-system-base} workers and complete the update process. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11677[*OCPBUGS-11677*])
```

Author: great suggestion
